[DOCS] "Unhealthy" Agent status and integration policy errors (#2317)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/admin-pg-ov.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/advanced-settings.png[Integration page]

[discrete]
[[policy-status]]
=== Policy status

The status of the integration policy appears in the *Policy status* column and displays one of the following:

* `Success`: The policy was applied successfully.

* `Warning` or `Partially Applied`: The policy is pending application, or the policy was not applied in its entirety.
+

> NOTE: In some cases, actions taken on the endpoint may fail during the policy application but are not recognized as a critical failure - meaning there may be a failure, but the endpoints are still protected. In this case, the policy status will display as "Partially Applied."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In some cases, actions taken on the endpoint may fail during policy application, but these cases are not critical failures - meaning there may be a failure, but the endpoints are still protected. In this case, the policy status will display as "Partially Applied."
```

* `Failure`: The policy did not apply correctly, and endpoints are not protected.

* `Unknown`: The user interface is waiting for the API response to return, or, in rare cases, the API returned an undefined error or value.

> For more details on what's causing a policy status, click the link in the *Policy status* column and review the data in the details flyout. Expand each section and subsection to display individual responses from the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on what's causing a policy status, click the link in the *Policy status* column and review the details flyout. Expand each section and subsection to display individual responses from the agent.
```
